"Richard facilitated the 3 days we spent offsite in a way that encouraged open, frank and focused discussions among the most senior executives of the MCB Group.  His methodology, knowledge and experience guided the exchanges in a fruitful manner, leading us to prioritise the way forward along 6 main action steps: which are realistically and practically implementable over a period of 6 to 12 month; and which we, as a group, believe to be most impactful as regards the future of the Group. The consensus was reached after intense debates carried out in an objective and professional manner among all the participants."
Jean Michel NG TSEUNG
Chief Executive, MCB Group Limited 
 #####

“Our foundry helped us get to the crux of issues that were holding us back and as a result we made some changes that have led to greater growth and profitability.  Richard did a superb job in gathering information and distilling it down to insights, and facilitating our executive team to find solutions.  It was a worthwhile investment and I’d recommend it to any team looking to reset their trajectory.”
 
Bret Snyder
President & Chief Executive Officer, W. L. Gore & Associates


#####
In the spring of 2018, I conducted a strategy workshop for the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), an arm of the Department of Defense. I am under a strong NDA preventing me from discussing any detail about that exercise. I can say that eight to ten of the senior leaders, including Lt. General Bob Ashley, the Director, worked intensely over three days to identify challenges, their importance, and degree of addressability. The resulting public document is, of course, only a bland summary of the insights gained by the workshop. Nevertheless, the “strategy” section of the DIA Website now says that “strategic approach lays out our addressable strategic challenges (ASCs) that ensure we enable highly skilled, focused professionals with leading-edge technology that delivers overwhelming advantage to our warfighters, defense planners, and policymakers.” If you are interested, download and read the pdf entitled “DIA Strategic Approach.”
